so blocky do you have any ideas and how
the hell we're going to get out of this
situation I heard you're talking about
some piece of paper may have a something
to get me out well I would remember when
I'm burnt it so I can't really say the
word so right now I'm legally binded not
to say it so but anyways i think what
i'm going to do is have one of my
brothers you go out there and put some
trees in front of the fence I should
probably hold them back for a little bit
but first before I go get that piece of
paper I another girl talk to somebody
and we can ask him for our favor he's an
enemy but he owes me one all right
you're grown me a favor I've kept you
alive this long I've cut the bomb out of
your head so you can't explode and get
out but you're going out to get in touch
with some of your homeboys and go help
me get ready zombies outside the fence
do we have a deal oh so you have a
little problem with this a dream blocky
dude in here you know I'm gonna have an
idea I've seeing a movie I think works
over to him I think at the rate you're
going we're not going anywhere fast my
faccio give me a bucket some lotion and
just step back and watch the magic
happen all right green blocky dude step
away from the door I'm shoving it in
alright creeper step away from the door
let's slide this in here and then we're
gonna have a little conversation
the patients on the skin he puts the
lotion on its skin or I guess
you know what I'm really good tired of
my brother sent me out here to his
stupid ass work you know you could do
the same crap i do but now i'm sitting
here chopping down a goddamn tree look
at this look damn face I'm working shut
up shut up tap tap tap tap tap downtown
you know what kiss my ass just a few
more these bad boys and not the thing
all blocked up hope little stupid ugly
looking the zombies won't be barging up
on me while I'm trying to put it here
all right I'd leave that shit alone back
for just a little bit if he has anything
to say about this we'll kick minded
little blocky balls bro your ground for
farming upstairs cuz i'm on the tree
that piece of paper so do you mean that
uh desk no Jordan just said he came and
say the word you say the word and we're
all gonna get sued so if you say the
word skirt don't sit there watching us
who's watching us you know the bus stop
people to keep you doop doop doop do
doop doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo dee
doop doop doop you okay sir your grant
to build one of these in order to get
back home so where we gonna get the
plutonium to build that i don't know i'm
a mining i remember odd deeds hey that's
a pretty nice grilling you out there do
you realize what you've just done i also
stupid guys are gonna come after us
broke up with me devil dude bye well
come at me bro